doc: formalize non-const reference usage in C++ style guide (#23155)
nodejs/node: CPP_STYLE_GUIDE.md

Never use `std::auto_ptr`. Instead, use `std::unique_ptr`.

### Avoid non-const references

> Using non-const references often obscures which values are changed by an

Reviewer: Maybe we should give a few more examples about this, instead of going with a firm phrasing about pointers over non-const references all the time? Some of the scenarios include:

- Input parameters
- Output parameters & return values
- Class members
- Places where polymorphism is wanted v.s. not necessary

IMO it's more important to have a consistent style for different scenarios than to be pedantic about which style we prefer in general.

Author: @joyeecheung Could you take a look at 8daa18eb3744c93222aae9a9cf9f0af300656144? :)

Never use `std::auto_ptr`. Instead, use `std::unique_ptr`.

### Avoid non-const references

Using non-const references often obscures which values are changed by an
assignment. A pointer is almost always a better choice.

```c++
class ExampleClass {
 public:
  explicit ExampleClass(int* int_ptr) : pointer_to_integer_(int_ptr) {}

  void SomeMethod(const std::string& input_param,
                  std::string* in_out_param);  // Pointer instead of reference

  const std::string& get_foo() const { return foo_string_; }
  void set_foo(const std::string& new_value) { foo_string_ = new_value; }

  void ReplaceCharacterInFoo(char from, char to) {
    // A non-const reference is okay here, because the method name already tells
    // users that this modifies 'foo_string_' -- if that is not the case,
    // it can still be better to use an indexed for loop, or leave appropriate
    // comments.
    for (char& character : foo_string_) {
      if (character == from)
        character = to;
    }
  }

 private:
  std::string foo_string_;

>   int* pointer_to_integer_;  // Pointer instead of reference.

Reviewer: Personally in cases like this I'd prefer to use a normal int here and returns references because it's more memory-efficient...maybe a member object with a made-up class here would be clearer?

Author: :+1: … How about e9f84067b623a056faa8ddb43290754450df1b09?

Never use `std::auto_ptr`. Instead, use `std::unique_ptr`.

### Avoid non-const references

> Using non-const references often obscures which values are changed by an

Reviewer 2: ### Avoid non-const reference arguments

The idiomatic semantic for non-const reference argument is that of an [in/out argument](https://isocpp.github.io/CppCoreGuidelines/CppCoreGuidelines#Rf-inout). It is advised to use const pointer instead for in/out parameter, as per the [Google style guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html#Reference_Arguments).
Other uses of non-const reference should only when they don't interfere with readability.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion.

Reviewer 3: ... and when the semantics of the API in which they appear are unambiguous.

Author: > The idiomatic semantic for non-const reference argument is that of an [in/out argument](https://isocpp.github.io/CppCoreGuidelines/CppCoreGuidelines#Rf-inout).

That sounds like it’s the main use – that’s not the case. Also, “idiomatic” may be confusing, because it is *not* idiomatic for our or V8’s codebase, which make up the vast majority of C++ code here.

> It is advised to use a pointer instead for in/out parameter, as per the [Google style guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html#Reference_Arguments).

I think this is implied by the current text and the examples. Do you feel strongly about linking to external documents?

Reviewer 2: I do think that linking to external document is good practice. Since both the Google SG, and the Cpp Core Guidelines give a broader context. Also AFAIU we base our style guide on google's.
I'll try to rephrase my suggestion above.

> Using non-const references often obscures which values are changed by an

Reviewer 2: I suggest for the status quo

```suggestion
Using non-const references can obscures which values are changed by an
assignment. Consider using a pointer instead as it requires explicit
dereferencing.
```

And if possible add a reference to an outside source.

Reviewer 4: > can obscures

"can obscure"?

Reviewer 2: ack

Author: I’ve changed it to

> Using non-const references often obscures which values are changed by an
assignment. Consider using a pointer instead, which requires more explicit
syntax to indicate that modifications take place.

(In particular because the dereferencing part of the pointer syntax is not the only part we care about.)

Reviewer 2: 👍 your phasing is better (I'll compromise of the offten / can wording)

assignment. A pointer is almost always a better choice.

```c++
class ExampleClass {
 public:
  explicit ExampleClass(OtherClass* other_ptr) : pointer_to_other_(other_ptr) {}

  void SomeMethod(const std::string& input_param,
                  std::string* in_out_param);  // Pointer instead of reference

  const std::string& get_foo() const { return foo_string_; }
  void set_foo(const std::string& new_value) { foo_string_ = new_value; }

  void ReplaceCharacterInFoo(char from, char to) {
    // A non-const reference is okay here, because the method name already tells
    // users that this modifies 'foo_string_' -- if that is not the case,
    // it can still be better to use an indexed for loop, or leave appropriate
    // comments.
    for (char& character : foo_string_) {
      if (character == from)
        character = to;
    }
  }

 private:
  std::string foo_string_;

>   // Pointer instead of reference. If this objects 'owns' the other object,

Reviewer 5: Nit: object

Author: @thefourtheye Thanks for catching, done!

>   // this should be be a `std::unique_ptr<OtherClass>`; a

Reviewer 5: Nit: double `be`
